[MISC] Remove outdated aggregation. (#155)
seqan/chopper: README.md

                  * `file2.fa` is stored in a merged bin (`1`) and in a single bin (`1`) on the lower level.
                  * `file3.fa.gz` is stored in a merged bin (`1`) and is split into `7` bins (ids:`4,5,6,7,8,9,10`)
                     on the lower level.

## Multiple files per user bin

> Currently chopper always has a 1-to-1 relation between files and user bins when layouting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, chopper always has a 1-to-1 relation between files and user bins when laying out.
```

If you want to assign multiple files to a user bin, you can use [raptor](https://github.com/seqan/raptor).

`raptor prepare` also handles files like this:

```
/path/to/file1-a.fa;/path/to/file1-b.fa;/path/to/file1-c.fa
/path/to/file2.fa
/path/to/file3.fa.gz

...
```

> and then `copper` or alternatevily `raptor layout` (which calls chopper) then computes the layout pased on the
> precomputed files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`copper` or alternatively `raptor layout` (which calls chopper) then computes the layout based on the precomputed files.
```
